dreamt in the morning hours, after getting off.

#dream 


I dreamed that I was back on Hedrick 6. or maybe hedrick 5! But I had an apartment still, as well as a dorm room. I searched for a long time for my dorm room on the floor - unit 515 - only to find that some other group of triples had occupied my space. Oh yeah that's right, i live in dykstra now i guess, that's where my dorm room is.

I went to the lounge to relax. It required me to go through an elevator, one of those ones that has doors on either side. so i had to wait for it to come and walk through.

There was someone playing video games in the lounge, and someone just outside the lounge talking on the phone in a little antechamber. I posted up in a corner with my laptop, which Oliver and I had configured to have a dual boot as a water bottle thing. I think that was supposed to be part of a prank or publicity stunt, but technical difficulties started to arise. I tried to call him and he actually picked up, I remember being surprised by that. We talked for a bit about that but i don't think much progress was made. What I decided to do, however, was strip down to my underwear. I thought it would be powerful, and symbolic that I felt very at home on this floor and in this lounge. I got down to my boxers, without even a shirt on, and put my clothes by my laptop in the lounge. I walked around a little bit like this, and there weren't that many people and it was great honestly.

But then people started showing up! Specifically, elevator full of people came as a tour group! Then a second tour group came as well. I was trying to alternate hallways with them so that nobody saw me, but they were perfectly asynchonous and there was nowhere in the hallway or lounge i could hide. I ended up ducking into this room that was like not used at all any more - geographically, exactly where my room 656 was in hedrick! It was full of old furniture, without a lock on the door or anything. I was hiding in there in my underwear but it seemed like they weren't leaving or were taking forever. I got nervous that they'd look in the door, since it was unlocked, and it would be even weirder that I was hiding! So I decided to go out and just walk into the lounge. I walked right through the tour group, even having to squeeze by between a big guy and the wall. It was only because I acted totally normal that it was completely okay. They moved down the hall away from me, and the tour groups had pretty much cleared out.

I went back into the lounge and there were a lot more people there. Kristin was there!!! She actually lived on this floor, and I think that's part of why I was there. I sat down with Kristin and at least 5 other people, most of whom I didn't know.

One guy had blonde hair and was talking about missing MBA / Hume Fogg. He was from nashville and I was like "nashville born and bred" and he gave me a fist bump. I was sitting next to him.

Kristin was across from me and a bit to the right. She was so excited to hang out, and wanted to hang out with me right away - "ik we're hanging out tonight but i don't understand why you're not free right now?"

also at this point i had a sweatshirt on, but was still in my underwear very casual. boxers look good on me!

i had to like work or somthing i said - honestly was hella down to hang out right then and basically what i WAS doing anyways lol

other people ewre there and talking too. I think one of them looked like claire and had been at my fruit party. Another was shit-talking "Amanda (josh's friend)".

talking about how unlikable she is or something. "how fitting that she would end up with the messenger boy "(meaning josh i guess). Not sure where that comes from!

there was 1-2 other people there but i didn't get impressions of them, other than wishing we talked or wanting to appear cool to them.

another group of people - freshmen - were around another table behind me in the lounge. one of them like said something to me and i responded.

I also remember not wanting to walk all the way back to my apartment from hedrick!

overall i felt very accepted and wanted in the lounge. even in my underwear people wanted me aroudn and i felt cared about and loved. it was a good feeling, especially after overcoming stuff earlier in the dream. i was never scared or even overwhelmed during the stressful parts, just a little bit anxious or preoccupied (and stressed).