
I feel like my daily entries are really the core of my being right now, as least as far as written history goes. I absolutely see that as the center of continuity in my life, and I think that having it in obsidian would be great for me.

I had a novel idea: link each daily entry to the next, as a living breathing linked list.

these lists could then freely link to the rest of my knowledge in a way that effectively tracks the history

what would the shape of my life be, then?
It certainly wouldn't be a straight line, as the summation of all my knowledge would pull nodes everywhere

this would be an effective method for tracking pattens in dates over large periods of time. Assuming I write something about what I've learned, and that links to knowledge, then I'd be able to see patterns in what I've been learning when

maybe I always learn GIS in march, idk.

Who knows if that's even a helpful thing, but it's certainly neat

that's neat enough where I'd want to write an algorithm which tracks that for me automatically

Obsidian just seems like the future. When I do my daily writings on Notion, I don't use this as often and I think I'm worse off for it.

Let's try to move everything here. Embrace Obsidian, check out their new mobile app, and generally see what's going on.

This new system could be great!
It effectively builds and links upon the stuff i've written already as well, and inspires me much more.

Additional information that could be grokked:
understand my personal journey as a continuous thing


disadvantages:
-no templates
-no tags
-no databases
-no relations


At a certain point, organization gets in the way of creativity. I'm going to embrace obsidian in order to channel my inner creative, because he's the best of me. I'll continue to take advantage of the orginazational structure I've adopted on Notion

THIS DOESN'T HAVE TO BE PERMENANT! Hell, if I'm not feeling it i can switch back after a week.

This is oblique.



it might be time to crush the old regime here as well. let's get rid of the 1-6 which don't serve a purpose, and put something better

[[4.29.21]]