[[6.29.21 earrings]]
I don't know what's going on right now. I feel SO OVERWHELMED! Even writing this is making me tear up

definitely have been going through a lot...


I clearly like Coco. It's pretty obvious to me having experienced feelings like this for many people in the past. I never thought that I'd feel this way about anyone besides Shreya, after we started dating. But I guess the reality is that I can't control how I feel, only how I act on the feelings.

I want to live and revel in this feeling. I want to simp, at least for tonight

how do I feel right now?


my eyes are welling up, and my heart has risen to my throat. I have the weirdest headache, where it feels like it's directly being generated by my thoughts. Like my psyche itself is wired in a certain way right now which makes me feel this way constantly. I don't even need to think concrete thoughts because my body has been consumed by this feeling. Despite this, it's oddly freeing in a way. I feel exhilirated, and it's like my entire state of mind has been transported to this strange fantasy world. I'm getting excited when I receive texts, and when Coco called me today I was really fucking happy. She went even further and invited me to watch a movie tonight! I really wish I had taken her up on it now - although I was high, I could've gone right over and existed with them. I was just afraid I wouldn't fit the vibe - however, I don't think it's that big of a deal. In fact, playing a little hard to get is good for this. Furthermore, reinforcing that I'm shreya's man is good.

do I want to do this? do I want to tempt myself by talking to Coco? It should be fine, since I'm dating Shreya and Coco + Oliver are a thing (she clearly has some feelings for him). It's honestly strangely perfect, where both of us are taken and ostensibly not interested in each other. This tension seems like it could build for a long time, and honestly that's what I'd prefer. I don't want anything to happen between us that would disrupt my relationship with Shreya - that's my number one priority!


i had no ill intentions, though
shit, everybody got hurt
I got hurt, bruh
it's a shit situation
all the morals and power you have just vanish when a certain
energy is nearing
and those feelings got so much gravity and it's out of your control


hazy. That's a good word to describe my mind and feelings about all this. Hazy.

I want to stay with Shreya. I need to stay with Shreya. I need to fight these feelings so that I can feel okay...

journing will help. I need to write down my thoughts and feelings here, and I'll feel better soon. Even if I don't feel okay right now, it'll be okay eventually

tomorrow i'm going to be charming, bubbling, and lovely. I had a great time for my friend last night, then did a favor for my other friend. I have good outfits and i'm cool and have pierced ears