part 2: [[6.28.21  confusing feelings]]
# What's going on, man?

why do i feel this way again!

I really really want to hang out with Coco and Kristin, it sounds like so much fun. There's a new person there as well. However, I haven't seen the Demon Slayer movie

Go

-   hang with coco, kristin
-   meet someone new
-   fun fun fun, get closer to coco because I really like her

Stay

-   accomplish work for my class
-   sign the lease
-   feel on top of my life and in control
-   responsible decision
-   re-commit to shreya

Although I definitely wanted to hang out with Coco and Kristin, it would be more productive to spend the time catching up in my summer class, so that I can hang with them all day tomorrow! I'm totally enamored by them though - they're such awesome people, and I'm really enjoying spending time with Coco in particular. I don't know Kristin as well, but the time I've spent with her has already been super fun too! Ever since the beach bonfire it's been pretty amazing. Even before that, going on the roof of young and hanging so much with Oliver and Coco was a fantastic time. That seems to have been the inciting incident for this group merger. Actually, there was the bonfire trip carson/ollie/them did as well - though I'm not sure if that was before or after Coco, Ollie and I hung. There was the Cobble party as well! We've really been hanging.

By far the most enjoyable time hanging out with Coco was when we did Kratom. I felt like we were really synced up, down to suggesting the same obscure places to go to on campus. We talked for SO long - longer than I usually talk with most people - and spent a ton of time together as well. I think it's so great to have found someone that I connect to so strongly! I certainly connect with Shreya as well, though recent events have led me to kinda compare them and caused me to worry that my connection to Shreya might not be as strong. That's a sobering thought, and one that I've been dwelling on for far too long. I really know exponentially less about Coco than I do about Shreya, and Shreya and I have spent a fuckton of time together in a very similar way, so many times. I've liked Shreya for so long, and nothing will rival the story and connection we have. However, it really does feel different when you're meeting someone you vibe so much with right away. It's a strange feeling, that's had me feeling almost completely deluded in the head - like consistently feeling this mixture of happiness and melancholy for days at a time. I think this is also because of a big complex I have.

I self-destructively want to have things that I cannot.

Specifically, romantic attraction it seems. Even Shreya, for a long time was a close friend, and it seemed as if nothing would ever happen between us. But I've liked her for so long, and now we've been dating for a year and a half and it's great! I want to note that I liked Shreya almost from the very beginning, and we even had our first kiss at the very beginning of college. However nothing happened for the longest time, leaving me almost feeling trapped pining after her. The feelings eventually faded and I started hooking up with other people, only to find myself even more drawn to her during and after Joshua Tree. I felt lovesick at that time, pining after someone and I had no idea what to do about it - especially because I was dating someone else at the time. I broke up with Alex, and before too long Shreya and I got together. Those were some of the most emotionally difficult and exciting times of my life thus far. Once we started dating, it was such a crazy series of reactions. I think Daniel considered it socially taboo, given his strongly negative reaction. That also might be because I then disturb the dynamic him and Shreya have, which is something really special. I felt a bit like a homewrecker, feelings which are still with me.

Now that we're dating, the idea of breaking up in cobble and in college seems insane. it would break up cobble, is what my subconcious is telling me. Either that or it would ruin Shreya's entire life. The only ethical thing would be for me to leave cobble, which would in effect kill it unless Carson and Oliver truly stepped up (no hope for jawan lol). Cobble is such a part of my identity, and so is dating Shreya.

I just don't understand why I feel so simp-y about Coco then! I'm so fucking drawn to her, and I'm sure she is to me as well. She's invited me to hang out on the first day after her return from a crazy festival, when we're already planning on hanging out tomorrow. She totally would've come over today as well - I should've OFFERED INITIALLY! Fuck!

However, I enjoyed talking to Ben Maloy a lot today. We have a lot in common, and he's a really smart individual. Smart, driven, yet still extremely attractive and fit as well as a big stoner. goals in my life!

I should work out every day this week. That would be such a fucking move.

Coco completely plays into the complex of wanting what I cannot have (which goes all the way back to my incest complex as well). Beyond me being in a relationship, she also has a crush on / is being crushed on by one of my best friends. They've already gotten to second base! It would be incredibly horrible to Oliver to do anything with her, even if Shreya and I broke up.

Moreover, it would completely destroy the friend dichotomy if Shreya and I broke up. I wouldn't want to make any of my friends pick sides, but I have no idea how we could coexist in the same friendgroup. Realistically I feel like Daniel would break away, and I have no idea what would happen with Enigma and Spine.

Being with Shreya is right, and it's built in to the life I've crafted over the past year. These thoughts I'm thinking are pretty self-destructive, so I don't think they're good to act on at all. However, I do need to consider the possibility that I might eventually meet someone out there who I connect with even more strongly than I do with Shreya. In that case, would I break up with her? That's the same mindset I said to Shreya in JT, of "waiting until someone better comes along". I don't think that's a healthy way of thinking in order to build lasting relationships. Love is about committing to people, right?

What if commitments are an outdated way of going through relationships? What if everybody fucked everyone and we all came together as a loving community? Closer bonds will form, but everything and everyone could be open and sharing about their sexuality. I think that still IS commitments, and involves all of the parts of love. It's just like treating your friends in a sexual manner as well sometimes - you already do all other aspects of relationships with them.

In that model in my own life, Shreya would still be the closest person to me by far. but other people would be around too?

I feel like that's my dream - I don't see the necessity for monogamy in relationships, as long as the love and commitment remains unchanged

Idk man