Lost - Danny Brown

DO YOU DOUBT ME TRAITOR - Lingua Ignota

all of CALIGULA is incredible. 


I'm reading about Artemisia Gentileschi: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artemisia_Gentileschi
and she fucking inspires me so much. I can't believe the trials and struggles that women have to go throughg in this world. It makes me want to cry. I can't fucking believe it. CALIGULA is a modern voice that has gone through abuse, just like Gentileschi. I need to read more about her.



I'm scared that I've really hurt Shreya. That I'm still hurting her. I don't want to hurt her, but I'm so confused. I would NEVER EVER physically hurt her, but I don't want to string her along or do anything like that in the slightest. She immediately sees through my bullshit. I still care about her and respect her immensely. I'm just conflicted with my feelings for Coco - fucking pointless feelings which will never amount to anything.

I have this wonderment in my heart that I don't want to let go of. This vision that Coco and I can be together, at least for one night. It's a fantasy, the fantasy that I currently have immersed myself in.

my brain for the last 5 days has exclusively lived in this deluded fantasy. I'm having trouble breaking out of it. I feel like something needs to happen in order for me to break out of this.

Obviously once I leave for Nashville on the 10th, this will probably go away. Coco is leaving then as well, and won't be back until September. When she comes back she's going to visit Oliver in Vancouver, and they will likely end up together.

Above all else, I want to remain best friends with Coco. She's so amazing, I really want to spend time with her, especially before she leaves.

Before she leaves, should I talk to her about how I feel? Would that be cheating on Shreya? I really DON'T FUCKING WANT TO CHEAT ON SHREYA, and I've taken no actions towards that effect thus far. However, I literally cannot control how I feel about this person I am like fucking lost in a sea of simp.

For my own sake, I need to have a conversation with Coco that results in this decision: Nothing will ever happen between us.

If she doesn't feel the same way about me, then it could result in us no longer being friends
If she feels the same way about me, we need to shut things down before anything happens between us. And solidly friendzone each other.

If I don't have this conversation with her, what will happen? I don't think anything will manifest, and I'm not sure if I'll be able to get proper closure with Shreya

the fucked thing is, I definitely need to tell Shreya about all of this in order to have a chance at a healthy relationship again. That's going to be difficult, and hurt her even more than I already have.

Shreya and I have something really special and amazing, I don't think I should fuck it up.
There's never going to be a "right person" for me. But what will happen when I feel these feelings again, about someone else? the next time I find someone incredibly attractive, with a perfect personality who I just "click" with immediately. I'll be thinking about them nonstop as well. My mind is fucked up I don't know how to stop this. Or is that just an excuse to continue having self-indulgent thoughts? Is the only way forward to deny myself hedonistic fantasies of strong emotional attachment to lots of different people?









#### to shreya

hey

I'm going through some weird + dark thoughts and emotions right now, and I want to acknowledge that what's happening is not fair to you at all. This situation that I've created is profoundly unfair to you, and you're caught right up in it. I don't even have a right to apologize, but I feel horrible for the pain I've caused you over the last few days and I really do want to stay together. I'm sorry. I'm hopeful that having a few days of intense introspection will help me work out all of this shit that's been bogging me down recently.

We can certainly talk about of all this more soon, during the relationship talk we planned for. I've been feeling so overwhelmed - I'm not asking for your sympathy, just trying to explain that I still need a little bit of time to get my thoughts in order. Until then, we can continue the arrangement we decided upon yesterday if you'd like, and in addition I'd like to do anything which could help alleviate some of the pain you must be feeling from all of this. I still care about you so, so much, and I want to stay together.

I know that for Cobble, we we planning on doing Ayesha's interview together today at 4:30pm. I think we could still try to do that, but I also completely understand if space is better. I was thinking that you could take it over if you want, since you just talked to her yesterday. Otherwise, I'm down to do it by myself. Just lmk