how did I dream last night?

I was multiple people - 2

one of them was George

one was another. the another had more character development and a slow buildup
call him Nathan. that's me

I was at the grocery store with a plan. My friend and I had this crazy fucking outfit, that looked like a frog. Suction cups on each limb allowed them to climb flat walls and ceilings effectively. The plan was to get on the ceiling and ribbit around, causing a spectacle. it was a commentary on capitalism, or the futility of grocery stores.

we successfully did it once, near the back of the store. several employees saw us, but only a couple got upset / did their job. the rest supported us, even warning us about the other employeed. we tried to do this again in several other parts of the store, but the ceiling wasn't properly outfitted for suction there.

we approached the front of the store to do it. the ceiling was higher there, aimed at causing a spectacle. additionally, the WALLS were perfect for it here. I told her, do it on the walls. She left I think. I'm not sure if we ended up doing it properly or not.

Outside of ralphs looked like the outside of the green hills kroger. walking along upwards from the far exit, i exited alone. I saw my friend, frog friend, inside the doors. perhaps weaving in and out. Another person who looked really similar to her was next to her too, walking in the same direction. I realized I didn't actually know what she looked like - which one was her?

I thought one, but it turned out to be another - the one further behind, with the BRIGHTER RED HAIR

we reunited, and I think our families were there or something. Additionally, we had one additional dude show up who was our age. He was extremely muscular, reminded me of Todo from JJK. 

We made it to the other side of the parking lot, only to find a weird series of walls and obstacles in our way. they staggered down like stairs, but faced the wrong direction and were pretty impasable. perhaps they served as drains for water, but there were so many of them in a row that it basically formed a kind of obstacle course. reminded me of how I felt at the parking lot by the medical plaza in south south campus at UCLA, by Ralph's.

The parents went around, but my friends and I (red-hair girl, muscular guy) made a pact right there. we were going to cross it no matter what it takes. Additionally, those who crossed it more immediately were more committed to the bond between us. all of us were solidly committed to this. I made it over first, surprisingly. and once I figured out how to do the first one, i was bounding over all the rest. The girl was behind me, with the guy trailing -surprising due to his muscular stature. When we finally made it all the way over, our parents were waiting for us on the other side.

cut to: George

this happened earlier in the dream, but we swapped away and back and forth to nathan i guess.

I was a kid in a refugee center. room FULL FULL FULL of children. some babies, all the way up to older kids around 11 or 12. maybe older too, I was older. maybe 14?

fucking INSANITY BROKE OUT. Shit broke in, lots and lots of people. every single person in the room got kidnapped - I'm talking literally hundreds and hundreds of children.

I barely even remember what my captors looked like - my head says all black with like a gas mask on.


by accident, I got wrapped up in the Baby Bag. Literally a bag full of babies, who were parcelled out from the rest of the children.
rapidly passed out.


I came do in a nice-ass car. Two people were in the front seat: 
a beautiful woman in the passenger, who had major henchman vibes. She looked like Mariah Carey, and was talking about how the song on the radio could've been sung by her and the driver in duet. how the singing duo was a great fit for the two of them thematically.

Then there was a guy driving the car. He was a child - young! I'm talking only twelve years old. Despite his young age, he clearly did not carry himself like a kid. He was driving this big sedan, completely tricked out inside. His hair was slicked back, and he had jewelry adorning his body as well as cool earrings which seemed to glow red. He was powerful. He had a sleek outfit on as well, and was clearly very in control.

to my knowledge, I was still inside of the bag. They were talking about the music, and asked a question about the song. "Isn't that right, George?"

I was kinda shocked - i didn't think they knew i was there, what with me being in the baby bag. I didn't respond and pretended unconciousness

the kid started laughing. "Now that's what I'm talking about! smart thinking"
"but we know you're there."

At this point, the baby bag kinda openned up. Or was it always open? either way, I realized there was no barrier between me and the car. I could see everything - or could I always see it?

I stumbled out with babies around me. The kid took his hands off the wheel and clambered into the backseat to talk. As he did so, a crazy stuffed animal dog took the wheel (reminded me of JJK)


The guy was like
"you must have a lot of questions"
I asked, "why am I alive?"

I was pretty certain the purpose of this kidnapping was for human trafficking. Ship kids off

"simply put: you got lucky. Hatians don't like 'Pork'" (he gestured to the babies as he said that). And you got mixed up with them.

Now, there's nothing we can really do with you any more. We're not going to kill you, but you can't ever leave us. We're going to adopt you.

we arrive at this fucking awesome underground compound. So far i'm mostly just seeing narrow concrete hallways, leading to a room with two beds. My stuff is there - it looks a lot like my apartment.

here's your room. you can stay here from now on

this powerful "child" being seems to be capable of
- human trafficking and abduction
- crimes against humanity
- extremely powerful feats of magic (summoning massive vile beasts)
- kindness?

but there's no way that he houses me without expecting something in return, something big. I'm pretty confident that I will not leave here alive.
