bruhhhh

I think I'm bisexual.

that's how i'm feeling in this moment. I'm more attracted to women than men in general, but recently guys have started to become wayyyyyyy hotter to me. I can remember SO MANY GUYS i've been staring and looking at recently. Not always in an "i wanna fuck" kinda way, but mostly in like a "he's really cute, I want to cuddle" kinda way. plus the idea of sucking dick is SO HOT. Literally so hot. I would suck Shreya's dick all the time if she had one. Just thinking about that like gets me hard honestly. definitely been thinking about that a lot more recently.

I definitely like guys to some degree. honestly i just like people. Maybe 'pan' is a better descriptor. I'd have no trouble hooking up with trans guys/girls or nonbinary ppl. I think all human beings are pretty fucking attractive. 

i guess it all comes down to what i label myself as. I need to do a lot more exploring and research before I "come out" to anyone. but this certainly isn't out of nowhere. I've been having these thoughts for years, and it feels like they've grown stronger like every day. 

reading about pansexuality, not sure if that's me. I don't consider myself 'gender-blind'. I still am attracted to women more frequently than I am to men, and certainly physical characteristics like dick matter.

but the thing is like uhhh bi implies two! And I certainly don't want to reinforce the gender binary in the fucking slightest. I want to destroy that piece of shit concept that's so fucking outdated. I really like that the term "pan" is more inclusive of trans, nonbinary, and asexual folks.

we can all fuck and all love each other. let other people figure out kids, or let us do it later it doesn't matter. right now this is our time to be alive. this is our time to love everyone, and see nothing except fellow human beings.

> A lot of people say that bi is trans-exclusionary, but trans is not a gender itself, it’s a descriptor word for how people express their gender.”
> That’s why Ethan Remillard, 22, who came out as bisexual in his early teens, said bluntly, “I identify as bisexual because I like fucking dudes and romancing girls. But I don’t claim pansexuality because trans[gender] girls and boys are the same as their cis[gender] counterparts.”

this is fucking true! I should revise my previous statement, and say that "bi" only leaves out gender nonbinary people. That's still not great. I haven't personally been strongly attracted to any nonbinary people that I remember, but that doesn't mean I couldn't if the right opportunity arises. However, I'm not sure if that warrants saying "pan" instead of "bi"


man i'm just like overwhelmed
how can shreya possibly support me lol




overwhelmed by what tate texted me as well. like really fucking overwhelmed. i don't know what to do in that regard.

i need to firmly and politely put an end to this stuff, and try to just continue being friends. he gets along with my nashville friends (possibly by design), and I very much want to just continue being friends with him

tate fucking scares me honestly. he's extremely sly and manipulative, whether or not he's trying to be. The fact that he's here in nashville, staying with my friends and hanging out with them, and then offers to give me head? was he angling towards this all along? that certainly doesn't sound like something he would say out of the blue. we've had a lot of long hugs too. compounded with the fact that he obviously wants me to break up with Shreya...

the worst part is that it sounds pretty fucking hot to me. I'm not sure why - well obviously Tate is my friend, and he's extremely fit. the idea of my male friend giving me head, and me sucking him off - that especially - sounds like a huge turn-on. The problem is with the situation and dynamic between us. If I was single, maybe. However, I'm still in a relationship and Tate knows that.

additionally, he's super fucking mentally unstable. I feel like I'm constantly searching to find truth in what he says, when the foundation for healthy relationships is plain and simple honesty. I have that, which is important. half the time he texts me about myself, I feel like he's doing it for his own benefit. Especially if he's had a crush on me for the last year

has he had a crush on me for the last fucking year and a half? he did text me every day back when I was getting with Shreya for the first time. I always thought he was just like a great fucking person. I'm sure he did it to take his mind off of his own shit. I'm sure that's why he's done a lot of stuff for me. However, maybe somewhere along that path he started to develop romantic feelings for me? that feels so odd to say but is a legitimate possibility. Romantic and/or sexual. He's never talked about being gay or even bi, either. Not to my memory. So that comes as a fucking shock to me.







# what tate said
"if you think it's fine with your break with shreya I would 100% give you head"

# text to tate

dude, no


i just want to be friends, and I value your friendship

I'm flattered by the offer and honestly would seriously consider it, were I not in a relationship. But I am, I'm dating Shreya. And even though it's been turbulent recently, we're not on a break any more and are definitely trying to stay together. 

Please respect my relationship, I have no intention of cheating on Shreya or ending it for that. 

Like I honestly really appreciate the sentiment and offer. But I value your friendship way more, and I'd like to remain friends in a completely platonic way.

You've always been really supportive and there for me as a friend, and I appreciate that. I just can't do that with you - even if I wasn't in a relationship I'd have to think about it for a fucking long time you feel, since it could definitely affect our friendship which I value above all else.



re: the head thing, sorry but no.

I'm in a relationship with Shreya, man. Even though it's been turbulent recently, we're no longer on a break and I definitely intend to stay with her. Please respect my decision. Even if you don't support it, at the very least do not proposition me like this again.

I'm honestly flattered by the offer and might seriously consider it, but I am in a relationship as you know and additionally consider you to be one of my closest friends. I want to preserve our friendship above all else, and I'm not willing to do anything which might compromise it. 

You mean a lot to me, and I really appreciate how supportive and amazing you've been literally the entire time I've known you. I'm just not willing to cross that line with you, and I think it's a good boundary for us to set. I'd still like to be friends (obviously), but I needed a little bit of time to sort out my feelings around all this, hence my lack of response today.









# recap

alright, I texted him. This was a good place to dump my thoughts. Honestly verbalizing this to Coco helped a ton, I'm very glad I contacted someone. It might've been better to talk to Fionna actually - but she's at Josh's, so she wasn't burdened. really fucking happy that i have AT LEAST 2 amazing fucking people in my life who aren't connected to tate at all. never talked to him level. that's huge!

i love my support system so much.

